Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Go, go, go !
- Clear.
We're cleared here.
Surveillance had them all going
inside 45 minutes ago.
- Did anyone bail out on the perimeter ?
- No, ma'am. All secure out here.
Boss, this isn't a meth lab.
So why an escape tunnel ?
Need to take a look at this.
Hotchner.
When ?
Did they raise the terror alert ?
No, that's probably best.
All right, get everybody in now.
I'll be there in a minute.
What's going on ?
Nothing. I just have to go
to the office.
It's 6 :15,
and you're talking about
a terror alert ?
It's bad, isn't it ?
I don't know yet.
Please don't lie to me.
It might be.
I may not be home tonight.
I mean,
- I might be home late.
- I know.
Shoot. I forgot.
Tomorrow is the day we...
scheduled to take Jack
- to have his pictures taken.
- Don't worry about it.
- I'll reschedule.
- No, no, no. Go ahead and take him,
and I'll do my best
to be there, okay ?
Just come back safely.
I will.
Bye.
Everybody, meet agent Prentiss.
The other day. I've been filling her
in on protocol.
- Derek Morgan.
- Emily Prentiss.
We can make nice later.
What do we know ?
The DEA raided what they thought
was a hardened meth lab
right here, in Northern Virginia,
but they found this instead.
That could be a dispersal device
for a chemical weapon.
- Sophisticated.
- Homeland security's thinking Al Qaeda.
They've developed devices that span
the spectrum of sophistication,
some as simple as soda
bottles and paint cans.
They're called al ikhteraa.
Literally "the invention".
They are.
Do we know what the biological
or chemical agent is yet ?
No, not yet.
The cell members bailed
out through a tunnel.
The DEA recovered a nextel 2-way
and managed to intercept a message.
- That's not the transcript. It's...
- No, it's in arabic.
Our friends surprised us
and eloped.
We can no longer
wait for the wedding
as planned.
We can deliver our gift
at the next crescent.
I lived in several
middle-eastern countries
- growing up.
- Next crescent ?
Muslims sometimes
use a lunar calendar.
- I'd have to look it up...
- Next crescent moon is in two days.
So whatever they're attacking,
it's happening in less than 48 hours.
That sounds like it, sir.
Payment for the nextel
is linked to this man.
Jind Allah.
Literally "soldier of God".
That's pretty poor operational
security for a sophisticated plot.
Two months ago, Jind Allah
was captured leaving the U.S.
Using a forged pakistani passport
via Richmond international airport.
He's been held as a ghost detainee
in Guantanamo Bay ever since.
So technically, he doesn't exist.
Soldier of God isn't a name.
No, it's most likely a name
taken on for the Jihad,
meaning struggle.
Extremists claim it's a holy war.
Yet the words "holy" and "war"
never appear together in the Qu'ran.
- Do we know his real name ?
- CIA interrogators
- have gotten nothing out of the guy.
- They need us to break him.
We do know from past intercepts
that he's a recruiter.
He came into this country
to assemble the omega cell,
a sleeper cell with
an unknown mission.
We have 48 hours to do
what the CIA
hasn't been able to manage
in two months.
We could be looking at
the first attack on our soil
since 9/11.
Season 2 Episode 10
"Lessons Learned"
Transcript : www.ydy.com
Retravaillé par Brianubik
Synchro : Csivore
Traduction : Louza
La team BAU pour www.forom.com et
http ://experts.heberg-forum.net
- Hey.
- Car here ? I told Reid 5 minutes.
I think you should take Prentiss
with you to Guantanamo.
- Excuse me ?
- She could be of help.
I don't know enough
about her abilities.
- There's plenty for her to do back here.
- I don't know what she's capable of either,
but we've got to find out
sooner or later.
It's an interrogation,
not a training exercise.
She's the only member of
the team fluent in arabic.
- There are other translators.
- Yeah, but they haven't studied behavior.
She ever have her ready bag yet ?
My guess is there isn't much
this woman's unprepared for.
Car leaves in 4 minutes.
Yes, sir.
Dale Turner mused :
"Some of the best lessons
are learned
from past mistakes.
The error of the past
is the wisdom of the future."
Excuse me, sir.
I just wanted to let you know
how much I appreciate...
do not thank me.
- Sir ?
- It's not a favor.
- Of course. I know that.
- You're coming to do a job.
Do you think the interrogation
of Jind Allah will work in time ?
Interrogation's the most
dynamic form of profiling.
That's not an answer.
Sir.
He's been locked away in Gitmo.
He doesn't know we raided
the cell's safe house.
That's an advantage for us.
The main thing is to get
him talking about anything.
Then his language and body
movements will betray him.
It's like this - you focus on the way
your opponent holds his piece.
How quickly and firmly he places it.
Then you watch his face and body.
It'll telegraph a player's strategy,
his... training,
maybe his motivations.
- Is that what you need us to do ?
- No. I need you to listen.
You're fluent in arabic.
I won't know the nuances like you.
Every word, every phrase.
Be on the lookout for subtext,
ulterior meanings.
- What do you want me to do ?
- I want you to watch for tells.
Non-verbals, micro-expressions.
Watch him when he's
comfortable and relaxed,
then note the behavioral changes
when he's under stress.
If we can establish a baseline,
we'll be able to read him
once I challenge his belief systems.
Before I can get him to give up
where or how they'll attack,
I'll first have to cause him
to reveal something of himself.
- Game over.
- What are you talking about ?
Gitmo's runway is perpendicular
to cuban airspace,
so approaching aircraft
have to negotiate a...
last minute 90 degree
right turn in order to land.
They call it the Gitmo twist.
- I was winning.
- Actually, he would have had you in 3.
- Bonnie Ryan.
- Aaron Hotchner.
- DEA team. We ran this raid.
- Derek Morgan.
This must have slowed
you down some ?
Hell enough for them to get
out through the tunnel.
They must have done escape drills.
- Hey, Morgan.
- Hey, Kenny. Been a minute, man.
Yeah.
- We good in here ?
- Yeah,
don't worry about it.
Everything's been rendered safe.
These guys weren't messing around.
Hotch,
these tubes surround what
would be the explosive charge.
And this cylinder right here ?
It's gotta be where they put
whatever bio or chem agent
they plan on dispersing.
- That's a happy thought.
- Yeah. Tell me about it.
Looks like a 4 man cell.
They assimilated
into the community.
Just like any other suburban gangster
wannabes rolling at the mall.
Who do you think we're dealing with ?
Most likely middle-eastern males
in their early twenties.
Judging by that device out there,
they're looking at significant targets :
Military installations,
government buildings.
You must be the BAU boys.
And gal. Pardon me.
- I'm Jason Gideon.
- Andy Bingaman, FBI.
- Agent Prentiss, Dr. Reid.
- Hi.
I'm the intelligence
supervisor here at Gitmo.
You guys having a hard time
getting Jind Allah to talk ?
Not only can't they get him
to budge, but 2 weeks ago,
word got out that one of the other
detainees was spilling secrets.
Jind Allah managed to have
a 3 minute conversation
with him in the shower line.
That night, the other
detainee committed suicide.
He's reciting the
Qu'ran from memory.
He's most likely a hafez.
He must have done it a dozen times
since he's come to this facility.
Some muslim children are
able to do it since age 12.
Two months of interrogation, that's all
the CIA's been able to get out of him.
There are cuts and bruises
under his right eye socket.
What kind of tactics are they using ?
I control the actions
to the detainees,
but I can assure you, my protest
about their methods has been ignored.
Let the interrogation
proceed normally.
I'm gonna interrupt and
demand they stop harassing.
Maybe I should tell them in advance.
No, it's better if they don't expect it.
The reaction will be more
visceral, more believable.
- Go ahead with phase 2 as planned.
- Copy that.
You really gonna put a show on
for these guys ?
No, no for them.
For Jind Allah.
He's needs to see me
as a complete contrast
to what he's come to expect
from his captors.
It's the best way to jump
start him into talking.
We have less than 36 hours.
Have at it.
You two ready ?
- Yeah, this way.
- Thank you.
Do you understand ?
Every day...
who the hell are you ?
Supervisory special agent
Jason Gideon.
I'm an FBI behavioral analyst.
It's time to show this
man some respect.
You gotta be kidding me.
You have orders from
agent Bingaman to leave
so I can speak
with this detainee alone.
I'm sorry for the
treatment you've suffered.
If you don't mind, I'd like to
spend some time with you.
He stopped his recitation.
He's sizing Gideon up.
If I don't mind ?
Like to get to know you
as a person.
Your faith,
your ideology.
To what end ?
Studying human behavior
is what I do.
if these guys are fundamentalists,
you'd think they'd have Qu'rans,
- prayer mats.
- No. We didn't find any of that here.
They must have at least
one other location.
Ryan,
- Hotch.
- What is it ?
That looks like a
list of chemicals.
Let me check with Garcia.
- Go, doll.
- Hey,
I'm gonna read off a list to you.
These are chemicals.
I'd like to believe,
with greater understanding
one day,
we can come to a peaceful
resolution of our differences.
Is that so ?
Look, I don't know what you've done
or what you may have planned to do.
But unlike the other detainees here,
you have the education,
intelligence to convey
the nuances of your culture.
That's what interests me.
Until, I don't give you what you want.
Then you will resort
to other tactics.
I swore an oath to uphold
the United States constitution,
no matter where I am,
no matter
who I deal with.
You're sure ?
All right.
- What'd she say ?
- Garcia says this looks like
a list of additives needed
to weaponize anthrax.
Could they get enough anthrax ?
The letter sent to senator
Tom Daschle's office in 2002
only contained two grams
of purified spores,
enough to kill 25 million people
if effectively distributed.
Are you willing
to have a chat with me ?
Go ahead. Gideon.
Let's chat.
He's from Egypt. Cairo.
- You sure ?
- No,
he could be yemeni,
but odds are he's egyptian.
What type of name is Gideon ?
American.
I often forget that in your culture,
you put your country first
and your god last.
Sir, he was born and raised in egypt.
They pronounce "J" sounds as a "G".
You don't consider yourself
egyptian as well as muslim ?
Egyptian.
In two minutes,
you know more about me
than those thugs
found out in two months.
They and I have...
very, very different motives
and methodologies.
And yet your country
relies on them to protect you
from us.
Sometimes they're
their own worst enemy.
Yeah. Who is your worst
enemy, agent Gideon ?
It's not a who.
It's a what.
Ignorance.
You're a very honest man.
And you ?
Must have become a hafez by what,
- age 10 ?
- 9.
Any person with the discipline
and dedication
to memorize the entire Qu'ran
by age 9
must have a very serious reason
to choose a life of violence.
Perhaps.
We are through already ?
No, not at all.
The sun is about to set.
Mecca's in that direction.
I'll have a prayer rug
and water bowl sent in.
What the heck is going on here ?
The NSA is routing all messages
to us for language analysis.
You know, rumor has it,
much to my chagrin,
that during national
security emergencies,
our fair country turns
all of its satellites homeward
and records all electronic traffic
in the whole U. S. A.
Is this even legal ?
Yeah, I don't really want
to think about that right now.
Somewhere in this slew of chatter
could be a shred of something
that could save
a whole lot of lives.
All right, well,
cross reference gift
with wedding allusions.
They'll be consistent with their code.
Here's something.
It rained all over the wedding,
but the gift is waiting in the barn.
- When was that call made ?
- Looks like just over two hours ago.
Let's run the words
"barn and "wedding" through.
The wedding will now be held at
Vincent's barn off Link and Annandale.
- Wrap the gift for delivery.
- That's not a gift I wanna get.
I'll call Hotch.
Yeah, JJ.
We think we just found the
cell's backup location.
It looks like a construction
site in Annandale, Virginia.
Sounds like they may have
another device ready to arm.
I'll get agent ryan to organize another
raid. And notify Gideon and Reid.
Okay.
Can I offer you some water ?
I offer you some first.
They only kept it there to
show me what I could not have.
I'd like you to explain something to me.
How can you ignore the fact
that Muhammad preached passivity
while he was in Mecca ?
"Do no violence".
His later message from medina
was perfectly clear.
"When violence come upon you,
you must fight back with violence.
He's quoting from the
Hadith, not from the Qu'ran.
It's called the verse of the sword.
They argue that it cancels
out earlier teachings.
Verse of the sword.
Just someone's spin
on the words of the prophet.
It's not even part of the Qu'ran.
But it does say in the Qu'ran
fight and slay the infidels
wherever you find them
and seize them
in every stratagem of war.
Unless they repent.
Establish regular prayers
and practice regular charity.
Is it your intention, Mr. Gideon,
to become a man of faith
and revert to islam ?
I am a man of faith.
I have repented,
I pray regularly,
and I practice charity.
I have never committed
violence against you,
so how is it that my faith
would allow you
to live and worship as you please,
and yours would take
my life and snuff it out ?
You are simply misguided
people of the book.
- But if you revert to islam...
- A billion muslims.
one billion muslims
manage to practice
their faith in peace...
for Allah is surely merciful.
You...
inquired about my childhood earlier.
I will tell you...
that it was a happy one
until...
one day...
a bomb fell out of the sky
and leveled the bazaar
that I was in
with my family.
I was only 8.
Must have been horrifying
for such a young boy.
He's opening
up about himself.
Maybe.
We need to verify
what he's saying, though.
Speak.
Garcia, I need you to
check something for me.
I'm looking for a stray bombing
in a bazaar somewhere in Egypt
approximately 30 years ago.
Okay, great.
That's not too obscure.
I don't need you to give me details.
We're just trying to set a baseline
for Jind Allah's truthfulness.
- I need to know if it happened at all.
- When I know, you'll know.
- Thank you.
- When the rubble was cleared...
half...
of my family was dead.
It was on that day
that I swore my life to vengeance
for Allah.
And for that very reason,
those holding you here
can never let you leave.
Your only hope is to tell me
so I can hopefully one day
share your struggle
with the world.
Your government
won't even admit that I exist.
How possibly
can you tell
my side of the story ?
Hey, guys, we want silence
tonight. No coms.
Let's be careful.
We don't know what to expect.
- Ready ?
- Ready. Let's do it.
Clear !
This place is completely empty.
We missed them again.
You got Gideon, Prentiss, and me.
It's Hotch. We're at cell location
number 2. No cell members,
no lab, no dispersal devices.
We're still looking
for escape tunnels.
Call us.
We're running out of time. The attack's
supposed to take place in less than 24 hours.
So getting Jind Allah to talk is
our only chance of finding them.
- Time I confronted him with the truth.
- What are you going to do ?
Show him my hand.
I'm going to give you the respect
of telling you what just happened.
A team of agents raided
an omega cell location.
Actually, both of them.
Our men are in place
in Annandale as we speak.
You gain nothing by remaining silent.
Jihad is forever.
Something's wrong.
His hands.
Gideon, something's wrong. This guy
seemed relieved by what you just told him.
Excuse me.
- What's the problem ?
- Get everybody out of there.
- Now ! Now ! Now !
- Everybody out.
It's a trap.
Now !
I said out !
Go !
How did a terror cell
get its hands on anthrax
without a single lab
reporting a security breach ?
Would we know if a foreign lab
had a breach ?
A foreign lab ?
Actually, no.
Garcia,
isn't Annandale where
Morgan and Hotch are ?
That's not a gas main explosion.
Please pick up.
Please pick up. Please pick up.
Yeah, it's Morgan.
Hello ? Garcia, can you hear me ?
We saw the explosion on TV.
Yeah, I know.
We lost a S.W.A.T. agent.
Oh, God.
Don't worry. Don't think you're
gonna get rid of me that easy.
Do you need anything ?
I know who to call if I do.
Thanks, baby doll.
They're all right ?
Yeah.
We lost a S.W.A.T. agent.
Son of a bitch.
Sorry about Kenny.
Yeah, me, too.
The chatter was a set-up.
They knew we'd be listening.
They led us straight here.
Just tell me you know
where to look next.
Not yet.
They're okay ?
We were right about the trap.
It was rigged to explode.
A S.W.A.T. agent was killed.
- Was anthrax involved ?
- No.
Then that's not the final target.
You look troubled, my friend.
You killed one of my men.
I was here with you.
The second location was a trap.
One of my agents was
killed in the explosion.
This is war.
We expect casualties.
Shouldn't you ?
- He was a good man.
- Well...
if he would convert,
there would be no reason
for him to fear death.
What do you say to his family ?
I say :
Where...
were you to mourn...
when my son was murdered ?
- His son ?
- Did you see that ?
When he told the story
about his childhood,
the bomb landing in the
bazaar, his behavior changed.
We know he was lying. Garcia couldn't
find any record of a bombing
during the time Jind Allah
was a boy.
Exactly, but this time when he mentioned
his son, he looked at his hands,
like he had to concentrate
to control his anger.
That first story wasn't about him.
It was about his son.
Which means it must
have been more recent.
Garcia.
I need you to look for a
bombing again in Egypt,
but this time anything
in the last ten years.
On it.
We're looking for civilian
casualties, an 8-year-old boy.
Okay. I'm cross referencing bombings
and child victims.
Seven years ago,
in the heart of Cairo,
egyptian government
blamed Hezbollah, but
conspiracy theories on the street
claimed it was a joint U. S-Israli strike
that went astray.
Your ghost detainee's name
is Jamal Abaza.
How about his son's name ?
Do you have that ?
Amir Abaza. 8. Killed in the blast.
All right. Find out everything you
can on that. I'll get back to you soon.
We know his real identity.
It appears that there will be no
peaceful resolution
to our difficulties after all.
I haven't given up that hope.
It's time for your
Salut-ul-Isha prayers.
May we speak again tomorrow ?
You are asking me ?
Yes.
Tomorrow, then.
Jamal Abaza's been
in the U.S. for a while.
He volunteered as the prison imam
at the Dearfield correctional center
- three years ago.
- How could the CIA not know that ?
They're focused overseas.
We're domestic.
Yeah. They probably sent a request
for a domestic information search,
and it's somewhere making
its way through channels.
If he was a prison imam, he must have
recruited militant islamic society members.
M.I.S. Is an atypical
prison organization.
They pick up an amalgam
of ethnicities.
The Qu'ran says...
that my lord...
this fool knows
that slip through the cracks,
the ones that traditional
groups won't accept.
Outside these walls,
you need to understand...
It's made up largely of
american citizens.
American citizens with
a reason for hating the government.
We're looking at
home grown terrorists.
- What the hell do you want ?
- The name jamal abaza.
Does it mean anything to you ?
Abaza was an imam in Cairo.
He preached Jihad to his followers,
but he fell off the grid
seven years ago.
That's because when his son died,
he took the Jihad name :
Jind Allah.
He came to America
to recruit sleeper cells.
You're telling us that that
detainee in there is Jamal Abaza ?
Amazing what you learn
when you talk to people.
He was also a prison imam
in Virginia three years ago.
Are you familiar with the
militant islamic society ?
They're home grown ?
We know the cell that abaza put
together has access to anthrax,
but we can't find any reports of
any going missing in the States.
We have protocols that
we have to follow.
You really going to allow a terrorist
attack on U.S. soil because of protocols ?
I told you what I learned in
there because you and I, FBI, CIA,
right now we have the ability
to break through all the protocol
and share information.
Let me see what we have.
Coordinate with agent Jareau
and Penelope Garcia at Quantico.
Please.
- Think it'll work ?
- I don't know.
CIA's tough. They play it
pretty close to the vest.
Well, if we don't all work together,
more people are gonna die.
A lot more.
- How goes with the CIA ?
- I don't know what Gideon said to them,
but they are feeding me
information like crazy.
- They sure do generate intelligence.
- Yeah.
Hopefully not too much to interpret.
Slept well ?
For the first time
since I've been here.
Good.
Until yesterday,
I was not permitted
regular prayer.
We receive comfort
from our prayers.
- We ?
- Human beings.
I say something wrong ?
You placed us on the same level.
- Aren't we ?
- Well, here...
I am thought of as less than human.
And in your Jihad, I am.
Gideon...
what do you really want from me ?
I already told you.
I want to understand you.
And if that is not possible ?
Then that would be my loss.
It's almost time for your midday
prayers. May I return later ?
- I look forward to it.
- Thank you.
Most of these tips are so new they
haven't even been authenticated yet.
Yeah, but there's nothing in the established
information that's remotely helpful.
Wait a minute. Anthrax.
- What ?
- Genimmune.
A dutch biotech firm reported
that they may have had
a security breach
- involving anthrax last week.
- May have ?
They're still doing a
security and inventory sweep,
but they may be missing up to
20 grams of lab grade anthrax.
20 grams.
Could potentially kill
a quarter billion people.
He seems much calmer
than he was yesterday.
May make any reading of his
body language less accurate.
I know.
- Is that what we want ?
- I hope so.
Well, isn't that
the exact opposite of...
He hopes so ?
We have less than ten hours before
the new crescent moon rises.
Nine.
Aren't you worried ?
I've been with him long
enough to trust him.
CIA is funneling you their
dutch terror watch list.
Ok, I can cross reference that with
any port of entry information we have
as well as customs
and immigration enforcement.
You know, it would sure be a lot easier
if there was a centralization
of all this information.
Oh, dream on, JJ.
No one wants the other kids
peeing in their sand box.
Tariq Muhammad.
Dutch citizen, islamic convert.
Traveled here 4 days ago
under his original name.
Andre Janssen.
And we have the address
he listed on his customs form.
Thank you.
- We just got a lead.
- Got a name ?
And an address.
How does a terrorist cell
exists right here in Mayberry ?
Infrared scanning still
shows no one inside.
We're doing a soft entry in
case it's booby trapped.
Sir, get in here !
We have 5 deceased males
and what looks to be a crude lab,
all shot in the
head execution style.
- Any anthrax on the scene ?
- Only residue.
There's also packing and
tags from 4 new backpacks.
- All right, listen up.
- Backpacks ?
They're already on the move.
We're too late.
Have you finished ?
As you said, the sun is set.
Yes.
I'd like you to meet a
colleague of mine. Dr. Reid.
- May we speak ?
- Of course.
I have a little time.
That was a joke.
I have all the time. Please.
A joke.
- Well, we're making progress.
- Yes,
progress. That is true.
Is there no way for this
thing to end ? This Jihad ?
The Jihad will end
when Allah wills its end.
Then how will you know
that it is Allah's will ?
When the Jihad ends.
I have been lying to you.
Of course you have.
My colleague has been outside
watching us as we talked on monitors.
Watching your body language,
trying to figure you out.
Were you successful ?
Somewhat.
Your name is Jamal Abaza.
Your son Amir was killed in 2003
in the bombing
at the Mahfouz bazaar in Cairo.
Since then, you've been recruiting
M.I.S. members in prison
by convincing them that
U.S. Economic policies are exploiting
third world nations
and turned them into extreme
fundamentalists by promising
a better existence with Allah.
I would say that you were
more than somewhat successful.
But I did not learn
where your M.I.S. cell
was going to make
an anthrax attack in the U.S.
At the new crescent
tonight.
I have no knowledge
of such a thing.
Yes, you do, Mr. Abaza.
And there is still time.
What ?
Are you sure ?
Something has happened ?
How could you ?
You choose to contort islam
into an excuse
for a life of violence.
You have perverted your faith
- to justify murder.
- Now
we are finally chatting, Gideon.
You accuse americans of being
puppeteers of the third world,
yet you used your own
people's faith tonight
to make them dance for you.
Why ?
Why is it always those
who profess to be
the most fervent believers in this war ?
They always manipulate
other people
to die for them.
Does your president
go into battle ?
Or does he send your children ?
Tonight...
all those innocent people.
There is no such thing, Gideon.
They were infidels.
And they were engaged in activities
that spread american policies
over the entire world.
Your incessant need to own things,
material things.
Your capitalism rests on the back
of third world countries.
No one's hands are clean.
No one is innocent.
Those people tonight,
they were innocent.
They never hurt you.
They hurt me by existing.
Yes,
the infidels shall fall
at the hands of the righteous.
And that is when
the Jihad will end.
So you are ready to
murder
4 billion people.
America
has learned nothing from the past.
You harden targets
like your power plants,
but you leave the soft
root for our taking.
What has happened tonight will
affect your economy for years,
the way september 11th
affected air travel.
And maybe the next time
a giant shopping center opens,
people will think
twice before going.
And maybe next it
will be a school. Hey !
You can shut the video
feed down now, Garcia, thanks.
Has the sun not set yet ?
No.
No...
A shopping center. A mall.
It's a grand opening tonight
not long after sunset.
That gives you about an hour.
God help us if they don't make it.
- Let's hope we have somewhere to go.
- Grand opening of the USA mall today.
It's the third largest in the country,
and it's right smack
in the middle of McLean, Virginia.
Let's move.
What's going on with you ? You look like
you've seen a ghost back there.
Haley's supposed to take Jack to the
new mall to have his portrait taken.
- Well, go ahead and call her.
- It's a breach of security.
You'll lose Haley and Jack,
screw this job.
You won't have a life.
I can't reach her.
Morgan, I'm going to find
the security office.
- Morgan !
- Right here.
- Looks like loading dock security.
- Should we evacuate ?
No, no. We'd have mass panic.
Let's go.
Hello ?
- FBI.
- FBI ?
- Are these all your security cameras ?
- Yes, sir.
- What's this camera here ?
- That's the roof. East end.
Morgan, I've got 4 guys
on the east end of the roof.
- What's on that side of t
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org